AdventureWomen
https://www.adventurewomen.com/
AdventureWomen

Skip navigation and go to main content.

Your 2026 Adventure Is Still Within Reach. Explore Last-Minute Trips >>

Free Catalog
Contact Us
1 (800) 804-8686
Destinations
Explore Trips
Special Offers
Get Inspired
Women Owned
Book A Trip
Log in
The Destination is Just the Beginning

Extraordinary Adventures by Women, for Women

Find A Trip
All Levels
Level 1 – Easy Pace
Level 2 – Moderate
Level 3 – Dynamic
Level 4 – High Energy
Level 5 – Challenging
All Activities
Winter Sports
Private Plane
Dancing
Canyoneering
Safari
ATVs & Motorsports
Fishing
Spa Services
Bicycling
Yoga
Ship-based
City Exploration
Ziplining
Water Sports
National Parks
Animals & Wildlife
Horseback Riding
Trains
Food & Wine
Arts & Architecture
Walking & Hiking
Destinations
Africa
Polar (Arctic & Antarctica)
South America
Europe
North America
Asia
Central America & Caribbean
Middle East
Australia & Pacific
Private Plane Collection
Let's Go
Leading Adventure Travel for Women since 1982

AdventureWomen offers over 75 exciting all-women trips designed by women and for women, exploring more than 60 destinations worldwide.

Why AdventureWomen
As Seen In
Private Plane Journeys

Introducing the AdventureWomen Private Plane Collection: a new way to experience the world’s most extraordinary destinations with the ease, comfort, and connection only private plane travel can offer.

Now Boarding
PRIVATE PLANE COLLECTION
Exclusive Europe: Experience the Wonders of France, Italy & Greece by Private Plane
LEVEL 1 – EASY PACE
From $39,995
PRIVATE PLANE COLLECTION
Exclusive Southeast Asia: A Grand Journey Through Singapore, Indonesia, Vietnam, Cambodia & Thailand by Private Plane
LEVEL 1 – EASY PACE
From $77,995
Experience Adventure
02
Enjoy the Luxury of Travel by Private Plane

AdventureWomen guests recently embarked on a transcendent journey across France, Italy, and Greece, where discovery intertwined with relaxation, ushering each guest into every new adventure with ease. This unique trip offered the ultimate opportunity to connect with inspiring female entrepreneurs across Europe and revel in the luxury and convenience of private air travel.

Explore the Wonders of France, Italy, and Greece by Private Plane
03
Explore the History, Culture of Turkey

Explore the architectural splendor of Istanbul and the natural beauty of the countryside of Turkey with AdventureWomen! This itinerary offers a perfect blend of history, culture, and natural beauty, showcasing the best that Turkey has to offer.

Turkey: History, Culture, and the Mediterranean Coastline
01
Voted Best Tour Operator by Travel + Leisure in 2025 & 2024

“Adventure Women stands out for its commitment to creating unforgettable travel experiences for women. With small group tours and a focus on culture, activities, and camaraderie, AdventureWomen continues to earn rave reviews from travelers.”

©2025 & 2024. Travel + Leisure® is a registered trademark of Travel + Leisure Holdco, LLC, a subsidiary of Wyndham Destinations, Inc. Travel + Leisure® World’s Best Awards is used under license. Travel + Leisure® is published by TI Inc. Affluent Media Group, a Dotdash Meredith company, which is not affiliated with Wyndham Destinations, Inc. or its subsidiaries.

Press
02
Enjoy the Luxury of Travel by Private Plane

AdventureWomen guests recently embarked on a transcendent journey across France, Italy, and Greece, where discovery intertwined with relaxation, ushering each guest into every new adventure with ease. This unique trip offered the ultimate opportunity to connect with inspiring female entrepreneurs across Europe and revel in the luxury and convenience of private air travel.

Explore the Wonders of France, Italy, and Greece by Private Plane
03
Explore the History, Culture of Turkey

Explore the architectural splendor of Istanbul and the natural beauty of the countryside of Turkey with AdventureWomen! This itinerary offers a perfect blend of history, culture, and natural beauty, showcasing the best that Turkey has to offer.
