URL: https://www.delve.com/work/erewhon-market-luxury-app-experience
TITLE: Erewhon Market: Enhancing the Luxury Market App Experience | Delve

Sectors
Services
Case Studies
Insights
About Us
Contact Us

We created a premium look and feel for the Erewhon app. Then concepted and designed a guest and member experience that built upon the Erewhon in-store experience: simple, unobtrusive flows with subtle, luxe brand-proving interactions.

Insights & Strategy
Design Insights
Design Strategy
Design
Interaction Design
Erewhon Market
Digital
Consumer Products
If it’s here, it’s got to be good.

Delve acquired altr, a digital design and innovation firm, in 2023. altr completed the work below before the acquisition. Learn more about altr.

Digital Product Development at Delve

We can help you build seamless experiences with digital strategy and design.

Learn more
Learn & Plan

Erewhon is setting the new standard for premium, expertly curated, impossibly fresh food. So when this LA-based café and market needed a new application design for their customers, they came to Delve for a design that could further prove the unique, upper echelon nature of their iconic brand.

Key Project Methods & Deliverables
Product design
Visual design
Experience brief
User experience
Native app design
Competitive analysis
Figma style guide
UX design
Concept & Test

Through rapid strategy development and visual design exploration, we collaborated with the team at Erewhon to create a premium look and feel for the app. From macro photography of food that speaks to Erewhon’s precision in food curation, to a dark, rich color palette that makes browsing almost luxurious, we focused on designing a unique brand experience that could only be Erewhon. For a second phase of work, we applied our years of eCommerce experience to the unique opportunity the Erewhon brand presents to design new shopping and ordering tools that will create the new standard for premium apps.

"Their creative design is their biggest strength."

— Kabir Jain, Chief Growth Officer, Erewhon Market
Design & Deliver

The new Erewhon app celebrates its loyal customer base through a membership program that helps make shopping easy, rewarding, and personalized. We designed tools like shopping lists, pick-up ordering, and a customer ID scanner to make each in-store visit seamless, and offer members exclusive perks, points, and promotions that can be used both in-store and online.

Building from the new look and feel, we concepted and designed an eCommerce experience that highlights the unique and beloved energy in-store: simple, unobtrusive flows with subtle, premium interactions. With the new Erewhon app, we’re making shopping online easy and intuitive through a brand-proving display of grocery items on the site’s product wall, flexibility during product selection and customization, and new ways to engage customers throughout the cart and checkout process.

Tap the left/right arrows below to explore the Erewhon app.




Dynamic product detail pages to support a wide range of product types across grocery, cafe, and customizable hot bar
Tailored membership offerings that are easily accessed and managed in the app
Elevated, sophisticated visual identity that reinforces Erewhon's premium in-person shopping experience
Real-time order tracking and user-centric tiered browsing experience
Custom barcode scanner animation to ensure single use security
Cross-promotional membership benefits
Dynamic product detail pages to support a wide range of product types across grocery, cafe, and customizable hot bar
New look & feel for Erewhon’s digital presence


The Erewhon Market app designed by Delve received a 2024 Silver MUSE Design Award for product design in the lifestyle category.

Learn more about Delve Digital Product Design & Strategy Development services.

Digital Product Development at Delve

We can help you build seamless experiences with digital strategy and design.

Learn more
Want to stay ahead in product design and innovation?
Get our expert insights, real-world case studies, and analysis of emerging trends—delivered straight to your inbox monthly.
Like what you see?
Drop us a line.
Related Case Studies
See all Case Studies
Industrial / Commercial Products
MilkMate: Lactation Room Solutions
For nursing mothers, an assigned space in the workplace for pumping is only part of the answer. MilkMate developed a comprehensive lactation room solution.
Read more
Industrial / Commercial Products
GAF: DecoTech Solar Roof
GAF collaborated with Delve to design, engineer, and validate a novel, attractive solar roof solution that’s easy for standard roofers to install.
Read more
Industrial / Commercial Products
BlockEnergy: Residential Mini-Grid
Scalable, storm-resilient and able to interoperate seamlessly with the local grid when needed, BlockEnergy puts rooftop solar, energy storage and distributed control throughout new communities of all sizes.
Read more
Medical Devices
Mallinckrodt: INOmax® EVOLVE™ DS Delivery System
A device that is used in the neonatal critical care environment that is designed to reduce device-related workflow. Imp